What will happen?
The Joe Rogan experience after awhile everyone's just going to watch everybody
do everything.
I really,
I really think within a hundred years that's going to be the case.
That's the case now,
man.
But I think it's getting bloggers and like,
you know,
I'm,
I'm on,
I'm on Youtube.
You know how that goes.
Like everyone wants to see,
oh what are you doing now?
What are you doing now?
Right.
And get a video last week.
What's going on?
What are you doing now?
Yeah,
you know,
it's,
but we accept is way different than what our parents accepted or would their
parents accepted and I think what our children,
except it's going to be waived different and then what their children accepts
can be,
we're like two,
three generations from it just being ridiculous where there's no privacy.
How do you distance yourself?
Cause you're,
you're a public figure,
right?
How do you distance yourself?
Like where do you draw the line for privacy?
I guess you could say the real problem was when you're eating.
Then when people like come up to you while you have,
like I'll have a kid in my lap and I'll be eating food and talking to the kid
and someone will literally come up to me and tried to take a picture of me,
asked me to take a picture with me.
I'm like,
come on man,
we're all out eating at a restaurant.
Like this is like,
you know,
just say hi.
Just say hi man.
And I always tell people when I'm done,
I'm leaving.
I'll take a picture with you.
But you can't,
you can't just interrupt dinner.
It's insane.
But it's just,
it's just people think like if they don't get a picture with you right now,
going to get it right now,
now,
now fucking don't care.
I'm going in.
I'm gonna just go right.
They don't care.
I mean,
and then they'll say,
hey,
that's the price you pay for being famous.
Well that it's like,
no,
come on guys.
That's crazy.
Like this is the deal.
The deal is someone provides something that you enjoy.
Whether it's stand up or thing and I appreciate that you enjoy it.
Right?
But that's our exchange.
All the other stuff or anything else.
It's like meeting me at a restaurant and shit when,
uh,
when I'm eating with my kid.
Yeah.
Like,
come on man.
That's the,
you're asking for too much.
This is ridiculous.
Here's another question for you.
What kind of restaurants you eat at where people feel need to come up?
Td at like either a high end,
right?
Like Applebee's and stuff or like go like,
Hey,
hi.
And I'd be math,
right?
Mostly places.
Normal normal spots.
It's not,
it's not normal that someone does that.
Most people are super respectful,
but all it takes is one out of a hundred trucks and the night just gets weird
and most people don't.
Most people are cool,
but it's every now and then people just have this idea that somehow or another
you have to,
if you are a famous person,
you have to abandon everything and start nodding just to PR.
That's the other thing that you're not a person anymore.
Right?
Like a famous person.
Like it's like the regular rules don't apply to him.
Someone don't apply.
Right?
Like you would never just barge in on a regular person that you did.
No.
But if it's a regular famous person,
people,
they don't give a fuck.
She was fine.
Whatever it is.
Life station.
Right where you're,
you and your friend are both crying and talk about someone that died.
I don't give a fuck man.
I'm sorry to interrupt bro.
I get that picture right now,
bro.
Damn.
Can I get that picture bro?
So what's the weirdest interaction you've had with someone?
It's mostly just that kind of stuff here to shit is like people that tell me
that they're going to give me secrets,
like Ufo type stuff,
big foot.
And I know where the bases are really,
those motherfuckers [inaudible] I've had a few of those restaurants just walking
on the street.
Just me.
Usually a comedy shows.
Yeah.
Do you ever walk down the street?
That's a boy thing.
I just asked you that.
I mean,
cause like when you're always either driving,
you're going somewhere,
you would go for a casual walk.
Like how's that around at?
Why do I walk my dog?
Right?
But yeah,
I don't walk around La.
Nobody does.
Nobody walks into the pockets of walking in La.
Okay.